    Mistakes play an essential role in a children's growing, which is the consensus of the whole society. Many believes that it is better for parents to feel free for there children to make mistakes and acquire knowledge as well as experience from their own mistakes, but some others deny the opinion and think it better for parents to help their children avoid making mistakes, considering that the proper guidance and solicitude to protect them from making mistakes is more momentous to cultivate an outstanding child.
    Admittedly, for a kid, mistakes can not be averted at any time, and therefore the ability to face the plight is indispensable. In most cases, only by conquering unmeasurable challenges can a person ultimately realize his/her dream. Steve Jobs, the founder of Apple Inc, for instance, achieved his goal after overcoming so many difficulties, including being fired by his own company. Whatsmore, Tomas Edison, the inventor of the electric lamp, failed thousands of times to find an appropriate material for the wick which is durable enough to endure the high temperature for a long time. These examples show that mistakes are not always frightful, but are usually inevitable on one's road to success.
    However, sometimes mistakes can be misleading, and thus it may be hard for a child to get proper conclusion from them, but head to an even worse direction in his/her later life. Without appropriate guidance, children are in risk to be misdirected by the mistakes, being seduced by the endless stream of temptaions, and finally lose themselves. Sometime's children are not capable of even realizing that they have made a mistake. For example, when I was in my junior high school, some of my classmates started to made mistakes, smoking, drinking and even fighting with each other after class, driven by the hormones of puberty. Their insaneness failed to attrated their parents' attention, and teachers found it impossible to correct their behavior without the help of their families. Consequently, they have failed the senior high school entrance examination, and corrupted since then. As we can see, rather than a respected teacher, sometimes mistakes are more likely to be a devil that entice you to try something incorrect.
    Moreover, children are likely to be anxious and worried facing mistakes, which can be detrimental when they are very young. On the contrary, it is the love and concern that parents delivered to their children when correcting their mistakes that plays a very vital role in their lives. To some incompetent parents, "letting children make mistakes" is an excuse to be regardless of cultivating their children, and as a result, their pathetic children have to confront the cruel reality at a very young age, which is likely to plunder their felicity throughout their whole lives. In the mid-20th centry, an American psychologist, Harry Hallow, astonished the whole world by his experiments on monkeys, whose results showed the crucial significance of parents' love. The experimental baby monkeys all perfered "furry mother" made of cloth even though it provided no milk, but detested the "metal mother" made of iron wire with sufficient milk. These experiments strongly disproved American mainstream parenting opinion at that time, that parents were expected to express little love to their children so that they were impossible to be spoiled and grew up better. What we can also learn from those typical experiments, is that instead of leaving young kids to make mistakes on their own, it's better to be careful for them and guide them, trying our best to show them our love.
    